10 News at 5:00 starts now it's not this
the way the students or administrators
at a local high school wanted to end a
year several seniors say they will not
be able to take part in graduation
because of a food fight that happened at
the school's cafeteria at least a dozen
students were suspended because of that
fight Jill Monier joins us live from San
Tan Valley with the details they won't
be able to walk in the graduation that's
what the students are saying here it
comes high school near Germaine and
Ironwood the principal says as of right
now 12 students are suspended although
students here say anywhere between 50
and 60 students were involved in this
food fight it happened on the other side
of the school here was supposed to be a
senior prank they told us if it last
year students graffiti the school so
they felt this paled in comparison but
they say the punishment is too harsh
video posted on the students Facebook
page shows part of a food fight in the
cafeteria of combs High School in San
Tan Valley Friday slices of fish sticks
like a movie honestly everyone was
involved it's crazy
Miette fork still had remnants of a hot
pocket on his shirt but what started as
a senior pre turned serious when
students started getting suspended
I went to the office I asked her if
there was any alternative punishment I
told her I'm clear myself like every day
after school I would stay after you know
I'd help pick up the cafeteria and she
said there's no option out of this
she's like no way you're being suspended
for instance school year seniors like
hunter Boren were told they weren't
going to be able to walk at graduation
she told me I was suspended told me I
was allowed to walk of graduation she
told me I can't be in the stands I can't
even be on campus when it's going on
it's a senior prank while borns mother
doesn't like the fact he was involved in
a food fight
she thinks the punishment is too harsh
and I asked her can he even take his
finals and she said no he'll have to
take them Wednesday and Thursday after
school which Thursday night is
graduation so we won't even know until
probably the week after graduation if
he's even graduating
well many seniors are upset that they
won't be able to walk some are still
laughing at all
those were that of blasts it was a great
even though I'll a student was laughing
the Cedars here especially are taking
this really hard no one was hurt no
permanent damage was done the principal
released a statement just moments ago
say with bad decisions comes
consequences we followed the guidelines
for consequences outlined in the Student
Handbook she says I hope lessons were
learned and says quote I'm proud every
day of students at combs today I was
disappointed we have her full statement
on her website at my father's penis calm
reporting live in San Tan Valley Jelani
a Fox ten News